Everyone, we're gonna go
ahead in this section and
use that SD card with the Ubuntu images
to install the OS onto the dragon board.
>> All right, so
as you can see on my computer here,
once the write is successful, you're
gonna get a little pop-up screen here.
You gonna click OK, and
it's gonna say Done.
And next thing we wanna do is,
we wanna go into our file explorer and
we wanna make sure that
the SD card is safe to eject.
So, I click on eject here and
it's gonna say safe to remove the, Micro
SD card so we are going to take it out.
Next, we are going to go
into our Dragon Board here.
>> The first thing is you want to make
sure your Dragon Board is powered down, so
make sure that the cable
has been unplugged.
>> The next thing we want to do
here is make sure that the boot
switches are in 0110.
Then you can find this by flipping over
your Dragon board, and looking for
this little box right here
with the boot switches.
So with the 10, 110 configuration we're
gonna flip these two center ones.
>> And now the Dragon board is ready
to be booted up with the Ubuntu image.
So we're gonna take our SD card and
put it into our Dragon Board.
And we're gonna power up the Dragon Board.
Hopefully, the Dragon Board will pop
up into the installation page here.
You excited to see what
to your dragon board?
>> I am Randy and here it is.
We're going to click
on install right here.
And we get a warning and we click yes.
And it's going to start
flashing that Ubuntu image.
You can see that the The o,
operating system has been
flashed onto the DragonBoard.
So we're gonna click OK here,
and as soon as we click OK here
the board is gonna start booting up.
And we're gonna remove the SD card from
the DragonBoard once it's turned off.
So we're gonna remove the SD card now.
And the board is gonna start putting
up right into the operating system.
>> With that said and done,
hopefully now you have your
Lenaros OS on the DragonBoard.
And, there's many things
you can do with it.
In future lessons and
courses we're gonna go ahead and
show you what you can do with systems
such as LED blocks, what not.
>> Yeah, see you there.
Thank you.